Date time product attribute (#581)
magento/merchdocs: src/stores/attributes-input-types.md

|Text Field|A single line input field for text.|
|Text Area|A multiple-line input field for entering paragraphs of text, such as a product description. You can use the WYSIWYG Editor to format the text with HTML tags, or enter the tags directly into the text.|
|Text Editor|A fully-functioning text editor at the attribute location.|

> |Date|Displays a date value in the [preferred format]({% link stores/attribute-date-time-options.md %}) and [time zone]({% link stores/locale-options.md %}). Date values can be selected from a drop-down list or pop-up calendar ( ![Calendar icon]({% link images/images/btn-calendar.png %}){: .Inline} ). <br/><br/>**_Note:_** Depending on your system configuration, Admin users can type dates directly into a field or select a date from the calendar or list. For information about specifying date and time values, see [Date and Time Custom Options]({% link stores/attribute-date-time-options.md %}).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Date|Displays a date value in the [preferred format]({% link stores/attribute-date-time-options.md %}) and [time zone]({% link stores/locale-options.md %}). Date values can be selected from a list or a calendar ( ![Calendar icon]({% link images/images/btn-calendar.png %}) ). <br/><br/>**_Note:_** Depending on your system configuration, _Admin_ users can enter dates directly into a field or select a date from the calendar or list. For information about specifying date and time values, see [Date and Time Custom Options]({% link stores/attribute-date-time-options.md %}).|
```

> |Date and Time|Displays a date and time value in the [preferred format]({% link stores/attribute-date-time-options.md %}) and [time zone]({% link stores/locale-options.md %}). The date and time can be entered manually or chosen from the pop-up calendar. Example format: MM/DD/YYYY HH:MM|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Date and Time|Displays a date and time value in the [preferred format]({% link stores/attribute-date-time-options.md %}) and [time zone]({% link stores/locale-options.md %}). The date and time can be entered manually or selected from a calendar. Example format: MM/DD/YYYY HH:MM|
```
